reads words on screen
How long
until Watson gets here?
He's on
his way now.
You know he's
a former cop?
Yeah, yeah I'm
aware of that.
Excuse me.
It's not a good
time, Jesse.
Joe,
hi it's Jesse.
Sorry to bother you.
I know you're taking
a personal day.
Yeah, I wouldn't exactly call
transporting a prisoner-
halfway across the
province a personal day.
No no, I know.
I know, I
just meant-
Well, I mean-
you insisted that you be the
one to handle this yourself.
And not make it
a team thing.
Also, you weren't
really forthcoming-
about why you volunteered
to be the one to-
Jesse, is there a
reason you called?
Yes, right.
Okay, do you remember
the Clynburg case?
Clynburg.
Yeah, well it
rings a bell.
80 thousand dollars worth
of stolen music memorabilia.
Right right.
The cold case from
about six years ago?
Eight years ago.
Time flies, right?
Anyway look.
One of the stolen items-
a hollow body guitar-
just made its way to
the black market.
Okay.
I mean it's the lead
we've been waiting for.
Look, the guitar is in
my hands as we speak.
So-
how do you
want to proceed?
I don't know Jesse.
I'll get
back to you.
Just take care
of it, all right?
Thanks.
What the hell are
you doing here?
He's all yours.
You've got
to be kidding.
I thought Sanchez
was running transport.
Change of plans.
I'll be the one transporting
you to Corner Brook.
Well one driver's as
good as another, I guess.
Donny and Watts
rolling out.
Just like the old
days, huh partner?
We're not partners.
Those days
are long gone.
Get in.
Hey boss.
We've got a problem.
Hey Rex.
Get the toolbox?
Rex?
That's it.
Good job, buddy.
Yeah, put your
back into it.
Just a little further.
Way to go, pal.
Hey!
Jesse?
Everything okay?
Yeah, absolutely.
More than okay.
I just got assigned
lead on my own case.
Is that right?
Yeah, Joe got pulled
to some private matter.
Oh yeah.
The Blake Watson thing.
He told you
what it was?
Yeah why?
He didn't
mention it to you?
Yeah.
Yeah, we're
tight like that.
So who's Blake Watson?
He's Joe's old partner
from back in the day.
Joe caught him
tampering with evidence.
Blew the
whistle on him.
Blake got his
badge taken away.
A couple of years later
he was behind bars.
So no love lost
between the two huh?
Yeah, I don't know
the whole story.
But if Joe's
pulling strings-
for this transportation gig-
he's going to
have a reason.
You were saying
something-
about a case?
Yeah, okay
so get this.
A few years ago-
somebody robbed a private
music memorabilia collection.
Oh yeah, I remember
something about that.
More Chuck Berry.
Excuse me?
You knew it was Chuck Berry's
guitar that was stolen, right?
Uhh-
Jesse, back in 1977-
NASA sent the
Voyager Probe-
into space.
And one of the things
that was in it-
was a disc-
containing some of the
greatest recordings of all time.
Bach, Mozart,
Louis Armstrong-
and Chuck Berry.
Is there a
point to this?
Rumour has it-
that NASA
received a response-
from aliens.
What did they say?
Send-
more-
Chuck-
Berry.
Okay, so-
I would really
like to-
get a leg up
on this thing.
I have a few theories
I want to run by you.
Okay Jesse, this
case is how old?
Six years?
Eight years.
Okay, so it can wait
another half hour.
So make yourself useful.
And help me
finish this.
Come on.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm still here.
Oh the silent
treatment, huh?
It's going to be a
long trip then, I guess.
What is it eight, nine hours
to Corner Brook Pen?
So how's your daughter?
She must be-
Do not talk
about her.
Whoa, okay relax.
I was just
making small talk.
Please tell me you brought
some snacks or something?
I'm starving.
Yeah, you'll live.
You know-
I'm starting
to think-
the only reason
you're here-
is to make
this trip-
as miserable
as possible.
It's more of a perk
than a reason.
Funny guy.
So why are
you here, Joe?
The moment I heard-
they were transferring
you to a different prison-
I immediately thought you
were going to try something.
Seriously?
You think I got a price
on my head on purpose?
You tried to sell the leader
of the Aryan Brotherhood
up the river.
Didn't think that wasn't
going to get back to him?
Come on man.
Well I'm off my game.
12 years behind bars
will do that to a guy.
Yeah, well you
know what I think?
Enlighten me.
I think-
that you intentionally got on
the wrong side of a killer-
so that they would have no
choice but to transfer you.
Why would
I do that?
It's easier to escape
from a transfer-
than it is from the
inside of a prison cell.
So I figured you
would do that.
I've got less than 14
months left on my stretch.
Why would I
try to escape-
when I can walk away
a free man, huh?
Tell me that?
If you ratted out
the Brotherhood-
we both know you're not
going to survive 14 months.
So here we are.
You and me, man.
You and me.
Is that really
his signature?
Yeah, it was authenticated
before it was stolen.
Well the owner will be
happy to get this back.
Mr. Clynburg passed away
shortly after the robbery.
Then his family will.
No no.
Clynburg wanted everything
sent to a museum.
So-
you'll dust this
for fingerprints?
Trace evidence?
DNA?
Yep, of course.
Excellent.
Okay.
Well I am going
to go see-
if I can track down the original
detective notes from archives.
Hmm.
He's taking this
very seriously.
Yeah, he's been
trying to prove to Joe-
he can be more
than just a lab tech.
It'll be good
for him.
So I'll see
you later?
Yeah.
That you will.
Yes.
You too, my
handsome guy.
You too.
We had some good
times back in the day.
Didn't we Joe?
Yeah, well if
you say so.
Come on, man.
Don't pretend like
you don't miss it.
What about Spencer's cabin?
Remember that?
Middle of the woods.
Beer and poker
'til the sun came up.
Yeah yeah.
I do remember that.
The cabin's not
too far from here.
I don't-
Yeah it's not too far
from here if I remember.
Yeah maybe
when I get out-
I'll go see it for
myself, huh, partner?
Don't call me that.
Come on man.
Was I really
that bad?
I always had
your back.
I would have taken
a bullet for you.
Yeah let's be glad
it never came to that.
It's true.
You weren't
just my partner.
You were my friend.
At least I
thought you were.
Until you slid
that blade-
in my back.
Right, there it is.
Right?
After 20 years-
it's still my fault you can't
take responsibility for all-
You ratted me out
to Internal Affairs.
You planted evidence
on a suspect!
I did what needed to be done to
get a dirtbag off the street.
Guess what Watson?
It doesn't work like that.
Here we go with the holier-
than-thou Joe Donovan.
So this is all
my fault, right?
What about everything
that happened afterwards?
What about the
drinking, Watson?
assault charges?
What about the embezzlement?
The thing that actually
got you thrown in a prison?
Is that my
fault too?
Is that why took
this assignment, Joe?
So you could
be my mother?
No, I took this assignment
because I don not trust you.
Yeah well
trust me or not.
I've still got
to use the can.
You want to pull
over for a minute?
Unfortunately this train
makes no stops my friend.
Come on man.
Nature calls.
You want me making a mess of
your nice leather seats here?
Fine fine.
There's a rest stop about
20 minutes up the road.
We'll stop there.
Thank you.
Hey!
Let's go!
Give me two
minutes, will you?
This ain't easy
with the cuffs on!
Two minutes?
You've got one!
Hurry up!
What's your damn rush?
It's not like there's
any windows in here.
You worried I'm going to
escape through the pipes?
Just hurry up
all right?
Hey!
Oh my gosh!
Is that your
daughter in there?
Yes!
We've got to get your
daughter out of there!
It could blow!
Listen sweetheart!
We're going to get
you out okay?
Go with your mom!
Go!
Go go go go!
We need some
help here!
Go!
Here.
Get those off.
And let's get
out of here.
Knox.
What are you
doing here?
Watson.
It's been too long.
Good to see you.
What are you
waiting for man?
Let's go.
Yeah!
Come on.
Hop in.
Where else
you gonna go?
Watson?
Watson!
Hey.
You found your way
back to the car.
I told you Joe.
I'm almost
done my time.
I'm ready to
get my life back.
You wouldn't happen
to have anything to do-
with that fire
would you?
That'd be one hell
of a blue angel, Joe.
Blue angel.
Right.
Let's go.
What was that
all about huh?
Did he change his
mind when he saw you?
How should I know?
Relax, Gregory.
It's still a long way
to Corner Brook.
I don't think they'll be making
it all the way to Corner Brook.
Why is that?
Don't worry.
I got it covered.
Wow.
Now I'm filled with
relief, Gregory.
I know I talk a
good game, but-
I really messed
up this time Joe.
The Brotherhood can
get to me in Corner Brook-
just as easily as
in St. John's pen.
You don't know that.
You can't guarantee
my safety on the inside.
And you know it.
No I can't.
But I also can't
let you go.
I need your
help Joe.
Let me make one thing
really clear okay?
I'm here for
one reason.
That is to get you to
Corner Brook without incident.
Change of venue?
Huh?
Yeah.
Yeah I just needed
another place to think.
What do you have?
Okay so the robbery took place
between 7:00 AM and 4:00 PM.
Now the owner,
David Clynburg-
he was at the hospital
for some planned surgery.
But when he
got home-
the door was locked.
No signs of tampering.
First thing he notices-
is that the music memorabilia
collection is gone.
Not a single other
thing in the apartment-
was out of place.
Okay so it wasn't
a random B&E.
His collection was targeted.
Probably by somebody
Clynburg knew and trusted.
Right.
Which brings us
to our suspects.
Here, have a seat.
Okay, suspect number one.
Ah- yeah.
This lady.
Tammy Markov.
She's Clynburg's neighbour.
He would have her
over for tea and chess.
He also entrusted her
with his spare condo key.
Anyone else
have his key?
His family?
No, his wife passed away
several years previous.
He had a son.
But they were
estranged at the time.
Okay well so aside
from the key-
what makes Tammy Markov
such a compelling suspect?
Okay so Tammy-
she was moving out
that exact same day.
She had movers
coming and going-
in and out
of the condo-
at the time
of the robbery.
One of her movers-
this guy here-
Victor Hess-
he's had two
priors for theft.
I mean what if he and Tammy
were working together?
Stolen memorabilia just
goes right out the front door-
in one of those
moving boxes-
without anybody
batting an eyebrow.
Makes sense.
The original investigators-
did they ever look into
Tammy and Victor?
No, see
here's the thing.
Tammy or Victor were
never formally charged.
There was no
trail to follow-
and no trace of the
stolen memorabilia.
Until today.
So what's your
next move?
Well I mean we're still
waiting for the guitar-
to come back
from forensics.
But in the meantime-
I'm thinking that we
pay a visit to the condo.
Maybe the new owner will
let us take a look around-
have a lay of the
land, so to speak.
Okay.
Let me know
how it goes.
Yeah?
That the right
next move, yeah?
Can't hurt.
Okay.
You're saying
don't overthink it.
I got you.
The engine's overheating.
You going
to pull over?
Yeah there's a garage
off the next exit.
No no.
You don't
need a garage.
Pull over.
I can take
a look.
Yeah- no.
No thanks.
I think I'll let the
experts handle this one.
Thanks.
Everything okay?
Yeah he says we've got
a punctured radiator.
You know anything
about that?
So this is about
20 minutes to fix.
We'll be
on our way.
So can we grab
a bite to eat?
I don't know
about that.
Ah, come on.
What am I
going to do?
Make a
run for it?
I already had the
chance, remember?
Come on.
For old times'
sake Joe.
Besides I bought last
time we were together.
So you owe me.
Have a fry.
I don't want a fry.
No?
You lived on these things
back when we were on patrol.
Yeah that was
20 years ago.
I've got to watch
myself now.
So you been good?
Yeah.
I just
want to say-
I really appreciate you
doing this for me.
Feels good having Joe
Donovan have my back.
Even though I
stabbed you in it?
I was a
bad cop.
We all do what
we do, right?
I wasn't just giving
you a hard time earlier.
I really do hope your
daughter is doing well.
She was just an ankle
biter when I saw her last.
And what- she's
17, 18 now?
She's 19.
19 and she's
doing great.
Yeah here she is.
Whoah.
Look at that.
They do grow
up fast huh?
Yeah.
I guess it's too
late for me now.
I wouldn't say that.
Go in.
Finish your time.
Get out.
Keep your nose clean.
Still make some memories.
If those fries
don't kill you first.
Yeah it's not them
I'm worried about.
Don't talk like that.
I know.
You've made
your position clear.
I made my
own bed.
Now I get to
lie in it right?
You know, we
should get going.
Sure thing partner.
Before we
hit the road-
one more thing
I've got to do.
Are you serious?
Man, the pop's running
right through me.
Come on, it'll just
take a minute.
Okay.
Let me see
the cuffs.
Really?
This is a surprise.
You trust me now?
Not quite.
You really think
this is necessary?
I'm not taking my
eyes off you again.
I can't go with
an audience.
Yeah well don't
worry about it.
I'm not watching what
you're doing okay?
Watson just
hurry up okay?
Okay okay.
Doing my
best all right?
Oh hey.
And uh-
I just want
to tell you.
I'm sorry.
Sorry for what?
Hey!
How did you- ?
You left me no
choice, partner.
Give me the key.
Or what?
You'll shoot me?
Go ahead.
It'll be a
lot quicker-
than what's waiting
for me at Corner Brook.
Okay listen to me.
Okay I'm telling
you right now.
I can help you.
I know you'd
try, Joe.
Because you're a decent guy.
Thanks for the hamburger.
Hey!
Watson!
Wait!
Come on!
Hey did you see a tall
guy come through here?
Blue jumpsuit?
Okay.
Don't give
us a reason.
Marty Knox.
Superintendent Donovan.
You're a long
ways from home.
Ah we're both
slumming it today.
Blake Watson tends
to drag a man down.
This doesn't need
to get messy, Joe.
I just want Watson.
That makes
two of us.
We could just waste
him right here.
Right.
Then you'll never
find Watson.
Pardon my partner, Joe.
He's new around here.
How are you going
to build a career-
if you waste a
cop on a whim?
Think.
You only do that when it
becomes absolutely necessary.
Thank you for
agreeing to see me-
on such short notice.
Sure sure.
Come in, come in.
No problem.
Um-
So- what do you want
to talk to me about?
Right, yeah.
I want to discuss with you a
case from a few years back.
A break, enter and theft
against one of the owners.
That was Mr. Clynburg.
Yes, that's right.
And you were the building
manager at that time.
Yeah, still am.
Look at me.
Moving up
in the world.
Well we've had some
recent developments.
And I would
like to um-
This music-
Yeah, it's some jazz
compilation on vinyl-
I picked up at
a garage sale.
I'll turn it off.
No no, that's okay.
I like it.
Um-
you were saying you had
some new leads or something?
Yeah yeah.
I was hoping you could show
me around the building.
You know,
maybe the unit-
that Mr. Clynburg
lived in-
as well as the one that
belonged to Tammy Markov.
Of course, yeah.
Great- and you have
keys to the units?
Oh yeah.
Only the empty ones.
The locks are changed
when new owners move in.
But I'm sure
they'd be happy-
to let you have
a look around.
And who cares
if they're happy.
I'm the manager, right?
Excellent.
An old fishing shack
in the woods huh?
How come I can't see
any road on the map?
Because it's unmarked.
What makes you so sure
Watson didn't hightail it?
He's got no friends.
He's got no cash.
He's got no way of getting
a ticket off this island-
without getting flagged.
That's how I know.
This better
be the truth.
Look, I put myself out on
a limb with my bosses-
in order to transport
this guy myself.
Thought I was
doing him a favour.
And look
where it got me.
I guess his loyalties
lie elsewhere huh?
I guess so.
Man, you must be
Brian Patrick's nephew.
How'd you know that?
Charming Irish personality.
Same weird taste
in footwear.
One ham sandwich
away from a heart attack.
Yeah, you've
got to be related.
But it looks like Watson crossed
your family as well as me.
So I guess we've got
that in common huh?
You're on
your own, pal.
Watson's a friend
of the family.
Thought he'd be
excited to see us.
Instead he gets all
squirrelly at the gas station.
The gas station?
Wait so the fire
wasn't an accident?
Oh, it's like
having a trainee.
I'm too old
for this I swear.
No need to tell him
our life story Greg.
Looks like all of our bosses
are mad at us huh?
Wait- you guys
tell me the truth.
Which one of
you do you think-
your boss is
going to hit first?
Huh?
Not me.
He's not your
friend, Greg.
Greg, tell me.
Look, the gas station was
supposed to be the pickup right?
But Watson went
with me instead.
So it looks
to me-
like your family's
losing clout.
Oh, bull.
This guy spooked him.
Ah, don't worry
about that.
No.
See because your uncle's
going to be really happy-
with the fact that you guys
chose to puncture the radiator.
The radiator.
That is the best idea
I've heard in my entire life.
How far away
is this cabin?
It's 90 minutes.
But you'll never
find it without me.
And you don't live
if I decide otherwise.
Right foot.
That's left!
Left.
Okay.
Close enough.
Yeah.
Hey!
Hey.
So how
did it go?
You find anything useful
at the crime scene?
No.
I shouldn't have
gone by myself.
I didn't find
anything useful.
Well-
It is an eight-year-old
case for a reason, Jesse.
Yeah but you know what
I was hoping to find-
is just you know
when a case emerges-
and then suddenly
everything falls into place-
and-
I don't know.
That's what I
was looking for.
Uh-
Yeah well I wish
things worked that way.
Yeah.
Yeah, this is
Detective Hudson.
When was this?
Give me the address.
Sarah.
You know, if you keep coming
down here for little visits-
people are going to
start getting suspicious.
What's wrong?
It's Joe.
He's heading out to
Corner Brook today, right?
He was.
He brought his car to a garage
and never came back for it.
The prisoner he was
transporting is also gone.
We should
get out there.
Yeah I chartered a flight
to an airstrip in the area.
There's a car
waiting for us.
Don't worry.
We'll find him.
Rex will make
sure of that.
Yeah that's what
I'm counting on.
Okay, let's go.
Okay.
Come on pal.
Hey I've got
a question.
What is it with Watson that
makes you want him dead so bad?
Huh?
We don't
want him dead.
You don't?
Seems to me like your friend
Knox here certainly does.
What's he talking about?
Oh wait.
Wait- that's
why he took off.
He didn't expect
you to be there.
I mean-
I know that Watson has crossed
a lot of people in his life.
But it looks like you've
got a score to settle, man.
That better not
be true man.
We have our orders.
Your uncle said get
the information-
and help Watson disappear.
Yeah disappear
out of the country!
Yeah that's one interpretation.
It's the right interpretation!
Hey.
Last time I'm
going to tell you-
you're not here
to think or talk!
Ughh!
Uhh!!
You should have let me
shoot him back there.
No weapons.
No phone.
If Watson's out there-
he'll lead us
right to him.
You better be right.
I usually am.
I checked
out the car.
Nothing out
of the ordinary.
The mechanic says he didn't see
where Watson and Donovan went-
after he brought
the car into the shop.
Okay.
Local police are
starting a search.
Rex.
Find Joe.
Track him.
What have
you got there?
It's Camilla.
Good find, Rex.
Joe must've left
this for us to find.
Whatever went down
happened right here.
Well at least
we know-
he was alive and well
enough to leave us a clue.
That's something.
Jesse, what
have you got?
I accessed
the GPS on Joe's car.
Looks like Joe made
another stop on the way-
at a gas station just
off of highway seven.
Nothing out of the ordinary
about stopping for gas.
No, maybe not.
But I looked at the footage
from the gas station cameras-
and ran the plates on the
other cars that were there.
There was one
car in particular-
that is registered
to a company-
associated to
the Patrick family.
Mob boss Brian Patrick?
Jesse, get a APB out
on that car immediately.
Already on it.
Hey!
What the hell?
Partner?
Surprised to see me?
No not really.
Yeah?
But I was hoping I'd
gotten through to you-
and you wouldn't
come after me.
Yeah, well then you don't
know me very well do you?
Huh?
And guess what?
I'm not the only person
coming after you.
Marty Knox is
on his way too.
Yeah that's right partner!
You screwed up.
And this time you might
take me down with you.
Okay okay.
Anything?
Yeah.
Rex led me to these
in the men's bathroom-
cuffed to a pipe.
Nice work.
Jesse.
Greg Patrick's car was spotted
parked on a side road-
about 90 minutes
from your location.
Any visual on Joe
or his prisoner?
No no.
Nothing reported.
But I'll get those coordinates
to you right now.
Oh along with some leads on
the music memorabilia theft.
Good job Jesse.
We're on our way.
Let's go.
Come on pal.
Hey man, how do you know
you weren't followed?
How do you propose
we defend ourselves-
against two armed gunmen?
Best-case scenario
is that we get lucky-
and they don't
even find this place.
Also my team is aware
that I'm missing.
And they're probably
on the hunt.
So we just need to hold tight
for a couple of hours.
Yeah, don't
count on it.
Knox is highly motivated.
Tell me something.
What did you get-
No.
What did
you get us-
into?
The gang leader I
sold out in prison-
has connections
in Corner Brook.
So a prison transfer was
just delaying the inevitable.
So I contacted
Brian Patrick-
told him I'd give him
everything I had-
on the cartels I
was working for-
when I got busted.
And in exchange, what?
He helps spring you-
during the
prison transfer.
Right?
Try to get you safe
passage out of the country?
That was the plan.
It all went out the
window when I saw Knox.
So why does Knox
want you dead?
Uh-
I may have conned him out
of two hundred and fifty Gs.
You may have?
I didn't know he was working
for Brian Patrick now.
Yeah well when
it comes to you-
I think Knox is
working for himself.
Okay so listen.
You can either sit there
and feel sorry for yourself-
or you canhelp me.
With what?
We're going
to make a-
We're going to make an
early warning system.
Thanks for
seeing me again.
Happy to help.
Did you need to
have another look-
at Mr. Clynburg's
old condo?
No actually-
I wanted to ask you about that
record you were playing earlier.
The jazz compilation?
Yes that's the one.
And the arrangement-
was by trumpet legend
Clifford Brown.
But the only
thing is that-
that piece never actually
appeared on a compilation album.
You're obviously mistaken.
In fact-
it only appeared
on vinyl once-
due to a
contract dispute-
and it had a print run of less
than a thousand copies.
What is this?
What are you trying-?
And of those
thousand copies-
only 14 of which are known
to be still in circulation-
one of those
was listed-
as one of the stolen items
from Mr. Clynburg's collection.
Uh-
Is that so?
Mm-hmm.
It's just such
a coincidence-
how you happen to
own the same rare-
and oh- also-
insanely expensive album.
Unless-
Unless your copy and
Mr. Clynburg's copy-
are one and
the same.
How could I
have robbed him?
I don't
have a key.
And he had an
alarm system.
Yes.
But it wasn't
activated Miss Harris.
I couldn't have
known that.
That's fair.
But you didn't actually need
to go through the front door.
Did you?
See Mr. Clynburg's apartment
had a wall adjacent to yours.
So I'm betting-
judging by this
phenomenal repair work-
if I move your stove
away from the wall-
we would just be
able to go right into-
Mr. Clynburg's apartment.
Isn't that right?
Shall we take a
look Miss Harris?
Are you even
a real cop?
I'm a special constable-
assigned to this case.
What kind of cop
doesn't carry a gun?
I mean, for
all I know-
you're here
to rob me.
I'm not.
A woman alone in her home
has a right to defend herself.
I could
really use a drink.
Yeah.
Yeah, you
and me both.
It's a shame these
are empty man.
Yeah well if they weren't they'd
probably be skunky by now so-
Oh man-
still better than the toilet
gin they serve at club Fed.
Hey.
A toast.
To the old days.
Before it all
went to hell.
To the old days.
You know man,
I spent years-
blaming you for everything
that went wrong in my life.
Well the part of me
that's still your friend-
can't help but feel guilty
for how I things went down.
I should have handled
them differently.
I should have
protected you.
Yeah, from myself.
No.
Fact is-
you're a good
cop, Donny.
You did what
you needed to do.
You know I'm serious
about what I said before.
I can help you.
They found us.
Stand back.
Hey hey.
Maybe it's your guys?
No no.
They would have
identified themselves.
Okay listen.
You need to get
out of here.
Okay?
Uh-
I need you to keep
your head down.
And stay as far away from
St. John's as possible.
What about you?
I'll be fine.
I'll create a distraction-
a diversion-
give you some time
to escape okay?
Just- be safe.
You sure?
I'm sure.
You be safe partner.
Okay?
Go on.
Okay.
Okay okay.
Where's Watson?
He wasn't here
when I got here.
I was just
stalling for time-
until I could
get away.
Knox isn't here to
keep you alive this time.
Joe's phone and
wallet are in the car.
No sidearm?
No.
Why abandon the car
out in the open like this?
Maybe that wasn't
their intention.
Maybe they had to
leave in a hurry.
One of the
officers mentioned-
they have a search
team en route.
But these woods
are huge.
That's going to
take some time.
Good thing we have our own
search team ready to go.
I'll take
that wallet.
Hey pal.
Get the scent.
Track it.
He's got something.
Just take it easy.
All right?
You don't want any of the heat
that comes with killing a cop.
Out here in the
middle of nowhere?
Who's going to know?
You know, you should
be thanking me.
You know that?
If you had found
Watson already-
Knox would
have shot him-
killed him.
And what do
you think huh?
Do you think he's just going to
just going to let you run off-
and rat him out
to your uncle?
What do you mean?
Greg come on.
It means he
would kill you.
He'd kill you next.
No.
You're just saying
that to confuse me.
I'm done with you.
Ughh!
Uhhh!
Nice shot!
Give me that rope!
I thought I told you
to get out of here!
Yeah when've I ever
listened to good sense?
Well I've got
to tell you.
It's good
to see you.
I never thought I'd
hear you say that man.
Isn't this
a nice reunion.
Too bad I can't
stick around.
We could talk
about this.
Let's talk about this.
No no no. No.
I think I've
heard enough.
Wait.
Wait wait.
It wasn't you who pawned
off the guitar, was it?
Why do you
say that?
Well I mean
if it was-
then you must
have known-
the police would be
back to investigate.
You would have been more careful
to hide the stolen record.
Who were you
working with?
Look Miss Harris.
If you cooperate-
I mean, you can
make a deal.
Probably get probation
instead of prison.
Why would you want
to defend the person-
foolish enough to lead the
police to your front door?
That's-
a good point.
It was Clynburg's
son's idea.
He knew his
dad was sick.
And he didn't want
to see his inheritance-
handed over
to a museum.
Wait- so you
gave him access-
to his Dad's unit
through your kitchen.
Yeah.
He packed up everything
in here and left with it.
One of the other owners was
moving out at the same time.
So no one noticed that
he was carrying out boxes.
What about the
Clifford Brown record?
It's all I wanted.
You risked
a lot for it.
The curse of
being a collector.
Just knowing
I have it-
makes me feel like I've
accomplished something.
And if I
didn't take it-
it would have been lost
to the world forever.
You know, Miss Harris.
I still have
to take you in.
I know.
Just give
me a minute.
Sure.
This is a long time
coming, Watson.
I'm going
to enjoy this.
But first-
you get to watch.
I'm going to make an exception
to my no cop policy-
as a treat to me.
That's a
bad move, Knox.
Bad career move.
You said so yourself.
Except when Watson disappears-
it's going to look
like he did it.
It's a sad story.
Really.
No!
Hey!
Wow.
He just bought you ten
extra seconds of life.
What a bonus!
What the hell
was that?
That's a
friend of mine.
And I'd like
to think that-
he's too close for your
cover-up plan to work.
Joe!
Charlie!
Right here.
Sarah hey!
Didn't I tell you I'd
take a bullet for you?
Yeah,
you told me.
Help's on the way.
The bullet didn't
hit anything vital.
Okay just keep
pressure on it.
Okay.
See?
Didn't I tell you
I'd save your life?
Yeah, you told me.
Where the hell did
that dog come from?
Good job partner.
Come on.
Well, my gal is like
the hot rod wheels
Never slows
down on her way
She bought a car
and drives me wild
Yeah, Charlie.
I cannot believe you put this
thing back out on the road.
Hard keeping it there.
Joe, you mind passing
me the torque wrench?
Torque wrench?
Am I supposed to know
what that looks like?
Rex.
Drive, drive,
drive along baby
Thank you Rex.
Hey!
So what happens
with Watson?
Well because of his testimony
against the Patricks-
the Crown should put him
in witness protection.
You help plant that
idea with the Crown?
Yeah well he was my
former partner Charlie.
If I don't have his
back, who will?
Kind of like you
had my back today!
Huh Rex?
And as for you-
I read your report.
I can't believe you went
and questioned a suspect-
without back-up.
I did.
Yeah I did.
But I mean- to be fair, you
did ask me to handle it.
Well I'm
proud of you.
You did good work.
Agreed.
Rex and I are going
to have to step it up-
now that you're
gunning for our jobs.
You know what?
I give it a couple
of months tops.
What do you
think Rex?
You and me?
Hey pal?
Yeah.